my house is down the way oh my god no
way don't worry that was Santa for
Christmas now
welcome this is crazy grammarian because
this extravaganza and uh well we got
these 16 flag now cotton still to the
brim so you know what we're gonna do
we're gonna have an egg drinking
cocktail yes sir and if you ever drink
the most don't wait all right now come
on you boys come on Wow so what you're
gonna do is they're gonna drink to each
looking game there to the fastest please
go down chug chug chug chug chug chug
Johnny Benson the leave
oh please just got split all over it
oh my god is that stop it i'm so going
on everywhere oh my god is worth me
every time you say that yoga well mine
is so watch me shoot fans mass holy crap
chug-chug-chug don't stop come on please
you can be poured on me Santa ready boy
shower oh hi huh I think I never Chingy
try and lost haha better are you oh come
on sister I'm never doing now you can
place him at second so therefore i think
the winner is a spin cuz I he drink oh
you through most of it up
three
I love a stick it safe 00